https://joebiden.com/

Dear Friend,

Let's be honest. There is plenty of work left to do to get America on the right track. You helped us in 2020 and we hope that we can on you to help us secure the White House in 2024.

The Republican Party has proven itself again to be the party of sexism, racism, homophobia, transphobia, and bigotry as Donald Trump leads in Republican party polls.

We want to stay here and fight for American's rights for afforable healthcare, a higher miniumum wage, reporoductive autonomy, gun control, a cleaner planet, and most importantly, a fair chance to make it in this world. We are going to need all the help that we can get and we would love to know that you will be on our side.

Will you donate $3 today to help us fight back against hatred and allow us to keep fighting for everyday Americans? (https://secure.actblue.com/donate/jb-web-donate)
Contribute $3 (https://secure.actblue.com/donate/jb-web-donate)

I am proud of what we have been able to achieve in the past three years. Despite Republican controlled courts blocking some of our key efforts to help the American people through actions such as student debt relief, we continue to work everyday towards achieving our goal of helping Americans and making the world a better place.

The draconian attacks on women's reproductive rights will continue if Republicans are allowed in office and I am confident that we will not let that happen. We will fight until the end for what is right because America is our home and Americans need someone to stand up for them during a time when hatred and vitriol are regarded as American values when they are the antithesis of them.
Join me in standing for what is right and help us hold the White House in 2024 by making a grassroots contribution of any amount that you can afford. (https://secure.actblue.com/donate/jb-web-donate)

Sincerely,

Joe Biden

Paid for by the Democratic National Committee, www.democrats.org (https://democrats.org) , and not authorized by any candidate or candidate’s committee

This email was sent by: Joe Biden For President 910 17th Street NW, Suite 925 Washington, DC, 20006, US

JoeBiden.com (https://joebiden.com)

Made by John Colwell (mailto:jcjohncolwell@gmail.com)
